Here is a XXX thing. Here are two other things that are XXX. This one is the YYY of them all. It is YYY than the rest.

They described it as a XXX place. I'm so excited to stay at a XXX resort. I hear that the spot we are going to is the YYY one on the whole coast, much YYY than the place they went to.

My mom's food always tastes XXX. She learnt to cook XXX food from her mom. I think she makes the YYY food in the world. Or at least, YYY food than my dad does.

I had a XXX day yesterday. It all started with a XXX phone call I got. This might be the YYY day I've ever had. Maybe even YYY than the day we went to the aquarium.

Did he think this shirt was too XXX? Maybe it was not XXX enough. They decided that being the person with the YYY shirt at the party was probably not a bad thing. After glancing at them again, the second one seemed YYY than the first, so she chose to wear it.

The painting looked XXX. She had worked hard to create such a XXX piece. This was her YYY painting yet. It was YYY than all the previous ones combined.

I like to watch movies that make me feel XXX. I'm a XXX person afterwards. After I watched this one I felt the YYY I've ever felt. I felt YYY than any other movie had made me feel.

The woman became XXX after seeing it. Her friends laughed at how XXX she was. There was no reason for her to be the YYY person in the room. Yet, she seemed YYY than everyone present.

This fruit is so XXX. I don't know if you like XXX things. Sam loves them. He always eats the YYY fruit in the bowl. I like it when they're a little YYY than this one, but not too much.

It all looked too XXX. There here too many XXX tables. The YYY was one in the corner. It was far YYY than the others.

I met a XXX person today. I don't think I've ever met anyone so XXX. They were definitely the YYY person I've met. They were even YYY than you.

XXX things are nice. Some people disagree, but quite a few think XXX things are great. Well, at least everyone can agree that the YYY one of all is really nice. Nothing is YYY than that one.

Why are XXX pants popular? Most find XXX pants uncomfortable. For some reason though, people still try to wear the YYY ones they can find, always looking for a YYY pair than the last.
